readme.md, before:

# Developer Student Clubs, KGEC - Official Website

<p align="center">
  <a aria-label="Made with React" href="https://reactjs.org/">
    <img alt="" src="http://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&labelColor=000000">
  </a>
  <a aria-label="License" href="https://github.com/dsckgec/dsck-website/blobl/master/license.md">
    <img alt="" src="http://img.shields.io/badge/LICENSE-MIT-85EA2D?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=000000">
  </a>
  <a aria-label="Join the community on Discord" href="https://dsck.ml/discord">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20the%20community-blueviolet.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Discord&labelColor=000000&logoWidth=20&logoColor=FFFFFF">
  </a>
  <a aria-label="Contributors" href="https://github.com/dsckgec/dsck-website/graphs/contributors">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/dsckgec/dsck-website?color=EA4C89&style=for-the-badge&labelColor=000000">
  </a>
  
</p>

## Technologies used
React for frontend, Firebase for backend

## Project Duration
26th November'20-Live

## Repository Structure
> It is important to understand the directory structure before contributing!
```
.
    ├── backend                   # Backend Scripts
    ├── frontend                  # Frontend: using React
    ├── rawdesign                 # Raw Design Theme using HTML, CSS
    ├── LICENSE
    └── readme.md
```

## How to contribute - Getting Started
> Before making any changes, let us know which section you would like to contribute either by [opening an Issue](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/creating-an-issue) or notifying us on our [Discord Server](https://dsck.ml/discord).

1. Fork the Repository - [Learn How](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo)
2. Clone the project to your system - [Learn How](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository)
3. Make all your desired changes to the code.
4. Send a Pull Request! - [Learn How](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request)

## Contributors

<a href="https://github.com/akm15machine">
  <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/55695557?s=50&u=b9404e24b221842b970a2fc50b7730eace17a3cb">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/singhayushh">
  <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/52620158?s=50&u=48086396cbc747499d58e1617eb826576d2a6010">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/adrishyantee">
  <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/73780844?s=50&u=779057efe6cab4bb5f369c008695bce833ebdf88">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/itsSnehaM">
  <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/71477110?s=50&u=f81ad810cbf281bb15394ab943ff60955be96c66">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/arnabdas01">
  <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/55145099?s=50" height="50px" width="50px">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/anubhav666">
  <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/56502015?s=50&u=f775269dd431a3fab3599111c65fb3f0275ccf0a">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/abhinaba006">
  <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/54203624?s=50&u=786c9bf1bdd8b2b28cb3fcf663b110a5483c745b">
</a>

Commit message:

directions to keep forked repo up to date

readme.md, after:

# Developer Student Clubs, KGEC - Official Website

<p align="center">
  <a aria-label="Made with React" href="https://reactjs.org/">
    <img alt="" src="http://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&labelColor=000000">
  </a>
  <a aria-label="License" href="https://github.com/dsckgec/dsck-website/blobl/master/license.md">
    <img alt="" src="http://img.shields.io/badge/LICENSE-MIT-85EA2D?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=000000">
  </a>
  <a aria-label="Join the community on Discord" href="https://dsck.ml/discord">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20the%20community-blueviolet.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Discord&labelColor=000000&logoWidth=20&logoColor=FFFFFF">
  </a>
  <a aria-label="Contributors" href="https://github.com/dsckgec/dsck-website/graphs/contributors">
    <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/dsckgec/dsck-website?color=EA4C89&style=for-the-badge&labelColor=000000">
  </a>
  
</p>

## Technologies used
React for frontend, Firebase for backend

## Project Duration
26th November'20-Live

## Repository Structure
> It is important to understand the directory structure before contributing!
```
.
    ├── backend                   # Backend Scripts
    ├── frontend                  # Frontend: using React
    ├── rawdesign                 # Raw Design Theme using HTML, CSS
    ├── LICENSE
    └── readme.md
```

## How to contribute - Getting Started
> Before making any changes, let us know which section you would like to contribute either by [opening an Issue](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/creating-an-issue) or notifying us on our [Discord Server](https://dsck.ml/discord).

1. Fork the Repository - [Learn How](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo)
2. Clone the project to your system - [Learn How](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository)
3. Make all your desired changes to the code.
4. Send a Pull Request! - [Learn How](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request)

**To update the forked repo with the master one:**
```git
git remote add upstream https://github.com/DSCKGEC/DSCK-Website.git
git fetch upstream
git rebase upstream/main
git pull origin main     (Grabs online updates and merges them with local work)
git pull
```

## Contributors

<a href="https://github.com/akm15machine">
  <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/55695557?s=50&u=b9404e24b221842b970a2fc50b7730eace17a3cb">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/singhayushh">
  <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/52620158?s=50&u=48086396cbc747499d58e1617eb826576d2a6010">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/adrishyantee">
  <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/73780844?s=50&u=779057efe6cab4bb5f369c008695bce833ebdf88">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/itsSnehaM">
  <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/71477110?s=50&u=f81ad810cbf281bb15394ab943ff60955be96c66">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/arnabdas01">
  <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/55145099?s=50" height="50px" width="50px">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/anubhav666">
  <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/56502015?s=50&u=f775269dd431a3fab3599111c65fb3f0275ccf0a">
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/abhinaba006">
  <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/54203624?s=50&u=786c9bf1bdd8b2b28cb3fcf663b110a5483c745b">
</a>
